Notice that this is essentially Tower of Hanoi, but with a couple of twists. First, the positions of the disks (the stones) aren't necessarily in a single pile (park); they may be distributed anywhere. Second, the cost of moving a stone is not necessarily the same between piles, and so the standard solution of solving Tower of Hanoi problems must be adapted. Finally, there are many configurations to visit, with an option of what the final configuration can be; this adds an extra layer on top of the problem.

First, observe that this problem is made of two parts. The first, small-scale part is how to efficiently bring configuration $A$ to configuration $B$, for any two configurations of stones. The second, large-scale part is how to solve the actual problem: how to visit all intermediate configurations and then gather them all in one park.

We will figure out how to solve the small-scale part. The idea, as in Tower of Hanoi problems in general, is to notice the following fact: in order to move stone number $K$ from a park to another, we need all stones $1, 2, \dots, K - 1$ to be gathered in the third park. This gives a nice dynamic programming solution: for any $K$, most of the time we want to gather stones $1, 2, \dots, K$ into a single park, and in doing so we don't need to care about the larger stones.

We use dynamic programming to solve the following problem: "What's the optimal cost to bring disks $1, 2, \dots, K$ from a configuration $P$ to a configuration $Q$?" Obviously, if $P$ and $Q$ can be any configuration, there are a lot of states to keep track of. The trick is to notice that there are only four possible $P$'s that matter, and also only four possible $Q$'s. The configuration "all in Park 1", "all in Park 2", and "all in Park 3" are some of the options for $P$ and $Q$. In addition, the starting configuration, cut to include only stones up to $K$, is another option for $P$; likewise, the ending configuration is another option for $Q$.

However, these are all. It's never beneficial to leave stones in any other configuration; if we leave stones $1, 2, \dots, K$ in configuration $R$ that is not one of these, we won't be able to move any stone greater than $K$, and so we must continue moving configuration $R$ to another configuration without being able to do any meaningful work in between. On the other hand, leaving all stones in one pile allows us to move stone $K+1$ from one of the other two piles to the other, and starting with all stones in configuration $A$ and ending with all stones in configuration $B$ are exactly what we're looking for, so these states are important.

The DP states will be recorded as $\text{dp}[K][P][Q]$, where $K$ indicates how many stones are being considered, and $P$ and $Q$ are state numbers: $1, 2, 3$ for all in park of the same number, $0$ for starting configuration (only for $P$), and $4$ for ending configuration (only for $Q$). The base case is $\text{dp}[0][P][Q] = 0$; we never need to get any cost for moving zero stones. Now we set up a recurrence.

For ease, we will first assume $P$ and $Q$ are some of $1, 2$, and $3$; that is, all stones are in one park and we want to move all of them to another. We will adapt it to the cases $0$ and $4$ later. If $P = Q$, we're already done (and the cost is $0$), so assume they are different and let $R$ be the remaining park.

In order to move stones $1, 2, \dots, K$ from $P$ to $Q$, we need to move stone $K$ from $P$ to $Q$. There are two ways to do this: either directly, or going through $R$. (It might be cheaper to go through $R$! This is different from standard Tower of Hanoi.) In either case, to move stone $K$, we need all stones $1, 2, \dots, K-1$ to go to the third park.

The first method will incur the following cost:
- Move stones $1, 2, \dots, K-1$ from $P$ to $R$: $\text{dp}[K-1][P][R]$
- Move stone $K$ from $P$ to $Q$: $\text{cost}[P][Q]$ ($R_{P,Q}$ in description)
- Move stones $1, 2, \dots, K-1$ from $R$ to $Q$: $\text{dp}[K-1][R][Q]$

They add up to $\text{dp}[K-1][P][R] + \text{cost}[P][Q] + \text{dp}[K-1][R][Q]$. Similarly, the second method costs $\text{dp}[K-1][P][Q] + \text{cost}[P][R] + \text{dp}[K-1][Q][P] + \text{cost}[R][Q] + \text{dp}[K-1][P][Q]$. We simply test both of these and take the minimum; that's the value of $\text{dp}[K-1][P][Q]$.

What if $P = 0$? Stone $K$ will still start from a particular park, say $P_0$, and from that we can still find $R$. Then the cost of the second method changes subtly, since we want to move to park $P_0$: it becomes $\text{dp}[K-1][0][Q] + \text{cost}[P_0][R] + \text{dp}[K-1][Q][P_0] + \text{cost}[R][Q] + \text{dp}[K-1][P_0][Q]$. The other cases are similar; at worst we'll just have several implications of very similar lines.

Finally, we just run this in order for $K = 0, 1, 2, \dots, N$, and our result is stored in $\text{dp}[N][0][4]$. Since the numbers of options for $P$ and $Q$ are constant, and each evaluation is constant, this takes $O(N)$ time. With $N = 40$, this is a breeze and we can repeat this quite a lot of times.

Which is good, since we'll need it for the second part. The idea is to first consider the following $M+4$ configurations: the initial state, the $M$ intermediate states, and the $3$ possible ending states: all in Park 1, all in Park 2, and all in Park 3. We consider all pairwise optimal costs between these, from any single configuration to any of the others. With $M = 16$, we can definitely take the $O(NM^2)$ time needed to find all of these costs. This is a preprocessing cost; we don't even need to recompute these values any more.

Once we have these costs, we're now basically solving a variant of the Traveling Salesman Problem: starting from the given configuration, we want to visit all intermediate configurations in some order, and reach one of the three ending configurations, with as low cost as possible. This can be solved using standard methods. One example is to use bitmask-based dynamic programming, using two states: "current configuration" and "which intermediate configurations have been visited". This will have $O(M \cdot 2^M)$ states, but with $M = 16$ this is not a problem.